# VirtualVoiceAssistant
In today’s era almost all tasks are digitalized. We have Smartphone in hands and it is nothing less than having world at your finger tips. These days we aren’t even using fingers. We just speak of the task and it is done. There exist systems where we can say Text Dad, “I’ll be late today.” And the text is sent. That is the task of a Voice Assistant. It also supports specialized task such as play a song on youtube, top 5 news of today, send a whatsapp message, record my voice, display calendar etc.
Voice Assistant are software programs that helps you ease your day to day tasks, such as showing toss a coin, text to speech, take a note, take a screenshot etc. They can take commands via text (online chat bots) or by voice. We have so many voice assistants, such as Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana. For this project, wake word was chosen JENNEY.

This system is designed to be used efficiently on desktops. Personal assistant software improves user productivity by managing routine tasks of the user and by providing information from online sources to the user. Call the wake word ‘JENNEY’ followed by the command. And within seconds, it gets executed.
Voice searches have dominated over text search. Web searches conducted via mobile devices have only just overtaken those carried out using a computer and the analysts are already predicting that 50% of searches will be voice by 2020. Voice assistants are turning out to be smarter than ever. Allow your intelligent assistant to make email work for you. Detect intent, pick out important information, automate processes, and deliver personalized responses.
This project was started on the premise that there is sufficient amount of openly available data and information on the web that can be utilized to build a voice assistant that has access to making intelligent decisions for routine user activities.
It can also generate history of all the task which had been performed with perticular timestamp.
